This is a slighty harder version of the object recognition problem. 

Given a set of images with a common object, find a way to use them to isolate the object so that
you can use it to detect the same in other images.

And if you read the sentence above right, it is a two step process.

Step 1:
  1. Take the image in the Patch folder in this case.
  2. Apply a convolution using an edge filter of your choice.
  3. Use some type of thresholding to avoid noise (basically reducing anything below a certain value to 0).
  4. Keep playing around with the threshold (I mean it is between 0-255, so not a big deal) until you get a clear
     vision of the object.
  5. Save the image. Open it in a photo editor of your choice and crop just that object.
  6. If you are feeling adventurous, crop it using code. (There are much easier ways to do this, *whispers* like step 5.)
  7. Save that patch as an .jpg file or something.
  
This concludes the "isolation of the object" part. 
Now it is time for using that object to find objects like that in other images, which is step 2.

Step 2.
  1. Apply an edge filter of your choice on the target image. (I used Scharr) This should give you all the edges.
  2. To clear the noise out a bit, use a threshold and change anything less than that value to 0.
  3. Once you have this image, use the saved patch from step 1 as a filter and apply convolution on the thresholded image.
  4. Do the thresholding again to make things more cleaner and purer so that it makes the next step easy.
  5. Find the spot where the intensity is high and take that position.
  6. That position +/- your filter size should give you the approximate location of the object.
  7. Return the normalized coordinates of that position and if it the sum of absolute distance between the ground truth and 
   your predicted position is <0.05, you did good. If not, you still did good. Cheer up.
  8. (Optional & Not in Code because I was lazy) - Use the positions to draw a box around the object to show off to your     friends. You gotta brag about something. 

images.txt in Testing_Images has the ground truth coordinates.
